<h1>Terms & Conditions</h1>
<p>Updated at 2022-06-22</p>

<h1>General Terms</h1>
<p>By accessing and placing an order with Keywords Checker, you confirm that you are in agreement with and bound by the terms of service contained in the Terms & Conditions outlined below. These terms apply to the entire website and any email or other type of communication between you and Keywords Checker.</p>
<p>Under no circumstances shall Keywords Checker team be liable for any direct, indirect, special, incidental or consequential damages, including, but not limited to, loss of data or profit, arising out of the use, or the inability to use, the materials on this site, even if Keywords Checker team or an authorized representative has been advised of the possibility of such damages. If your use of materials from this site results in the need for servicing, repair or correction of equipment or data, you assume any costs thereof.</p>
<p>Keywords Checker will not be responsible for any outcome that may occur during the course of usage of our resources. We reserve the rights to change prices and revise the resources usage policy in any moment. This Terms & Conditions was created with <a href="https://termify.io" target="_blank">Termify</a>.</p>

<h1>License</h1>
<p>Keywords Checker grants you a revocable, non-exclusive, non-transferable, limited license to download, install and use the app strictly in accordance with the terms of this Agreement.</p>
<p>These Terms & Conditions are a contract between you and Keywords Checker (referred to in these Terms & Conditions as "Keywords Checker", "us", "we" or "our"), the provider of the Keywords Checker website and the services accessible from the Keywords Checker website (which are collectively referred to in these Terms & Conditions as the "Keywords Checker Service").</p>
<p>You are agreeing to be bound by these Terms & Conditions. If you do not agree to these Terms & Conditions, please do not use the Keywords Checker Service. In these Terms & Conditions, "you" refers both to you as an individual and to the entity you represent. If you violate any of these Terms & Conditions, we reserve the right to cancel your account or block access to your account without notice.</p>

<h1>Definitions and key terms</h1>
<p>To help explain things as clearly as possible in this Terms & Conditions, every time any of these terms are referenced, are strictly defined as:</p>
 <ul>
   <li>Cookie: small amount of data generated by a website and saved by your web browser. It is used to identify your browser, provide analytics, remember information about you such as your language preference or login information.</li>
   <li>Company: when this policy mentions “Company,” “we,” “us,” or “our,” it refers to Keywords Checker, that is responsible for your information under this Terms & Conditions.</li>
   <li>Country: where Keywords Checker or the owners/founders of Keywords Checker are based, in this case is UA</li>
   <li>Device: any internet connected device such as a phone, tablet, computer or any other device that can be used to visit Keywords Checker and use the services.</li>
   <li>Service: refers to the service provided by Keywords Checker as described in the relative terms (if available) and on this platform.</li>
   <li>Third-party service: refers to advertisers, contest sponsors, promotional and marketing partners, and others who provide our content or whose products or services we think may interest you.</li>
   <li>Website: Keywords Checker's site, which can be accessed via this URL: </li>
   <li>You: a person or entity that is registered with Keywords Checker to use the Services.</li>
 </ul>

<h1>Restrictions</h1>
<p>You agree not to, and you will not permit others to:</p>
<ul>
<li>License, sell, rent, lease, assign, distribute, transmit, host, outsource, disclose or otherwise commercially exploit the app or make the platform available to any third party.</li>
<li>Modify, make derivative works of, disassemble, decrypt, reverse compile or reverse engineer any part of the app.</li>
<li>Remove, alter or obscure any proprietary notice (including any notice of copyright or trademark) of Keywords Checker or its affiliates, partners, suppliers or the licensors of the app.</li>
</ul>
<h1>Return and Refund Policy</h1>
<p>Thanks for shopping at Keywords Checker. We appreciate the fact that you like to buy the stuff we build. We also want to make sure you have a rewarding experience while you’re exploring, evaluating, and purchasing our products.</p>
<p>As with any shopping experience, there are terms and conditions that apply to transactions at Keywords Checker. We’ll be as brief as our attorneys will allow. The main thing to remember is that by placing an order or making a purchase at Keywords Checker, you agree to the terms along with Keywords Checker's Privacy Policy.</p>
<p>If, for any reason, You are not completely satisfied with any good or service that we provide, don't hesitate to contact us and we will discuss any of the issues you are going through with our product.</p>

<h1>Your Suggestions</h1>
<p>Any feedback, comments, ideas, improvements or suggestions (collectively, "Suggestions") provided by you to Keywords Checker with respect to the app shall remain the sole and exclusive property of Keywords Checker.</p>
<p>Keywords Checker shall be free to use, copy, modify, publish, or redistribute the Suggestions for any purpose and in any way without any credit or any compensation to you.</p>

<h1>Your Consent</h1>
<p>We've updated our Terms & Conditions to provide you with complete transparency into what is being set when you visit our site and how it's being used. By using our app, registering an account, or making a purchase, you hereby consent to our Terms & Conditions.</p>

<h1>Links to Other Websites</h1>
<p>This Terms & Conditions applies only to the Services. The Services may contain links to other websites not operated or controlled by Keywords Checker. We are not responsible for the content, accuracy or opinions expressed in such websites, and such websites are not investigated, monitored or checked for accuracy or completeness by us. Please remember that when you use a link to go from the Services to another website, our Terms & Conditions are no longer in effect. Your browsing and interaction on any other website, including those that have a link on our platform, is subject to that website’s own rules and policies. Such third parties may use their own cookies or other methods to collect information about you.</p>

<h1>Cookies</h1>
<p>Keywords Checker uses "Cookies" to identify the areas of our website that you have visited. A Cookie is a small piece of data stored on your computer or mobile device by your web browser. We use Cookies to enhance the performance and functionality of our app but are non-essential to their use. However, without these cookies, certain functionality like videos may become unavailable or you would be required to enter your login details every time you visit the app as we would not be able to remember that you had logged in previously. Most web browsers can be set to disable the use of Cookies. However, if you disable Cookies, you may not be able to access functionality on our website correctly or at all. We never place Personally Identifiable Information in Cookies.</p>

<h1>Changes To Our Terms & Conditions</h1>
<p>You acknowledge and agree that <?=Keywords Checker;?> may stop (permanently or temporarily) providing the Service (or any features within the Service) to you or to users generally at <?=Keywords Checker;?>’s sole discretion, without prior notice to you. You may stop using the Service at any time. You do not need to specifically inform <?=Keywords Checker;?> when you stop using the Service. You acknowledge and agree that if <?=Keywords Checker;?> disables access to your account, you may be prevented from accessing the Service, your account details or any files or other materials which is contained in your account.</p>
<p>If we decide to change our Terms & Conditions, we will post those changes on this page, and/or update the Terms & Conditions modification date below.</p>

<h1>Modifications to Our app</h1>
<p>Keywords Checker reserves the right to modify, suspend or discontinue, temporarily or permanently, the app
or any service to which it connects, with or without notice and without liability to you.</p>

<h1>Updates to Our app</h1>
<p>Keywords Checker may from time to time provide enhancements or improvements to the features/ functionality of the app, which may include patches, bug fixes, updates, upgrades and other modifications ("Updates").</p>
<p>Updates may modify or delete certain features and/or functionalities of the app. You agree that Keywords Checker has no obligation to (i) provide any Updates, or (ii) continue to provide or enable any particular features and/or functionalities of the app to you.</p>
<p>You further agree that all Updates will be (i) deemed to constitute an integral part of the app, and (ii) subject to the terms and conditions of this Agreement.</p>

<h1>Third-Party Services</h1>
<p>We may display, include or make available third-party content (including data, information, applications and other products services) or provide links to third-party websites or services ("Third- Party Services").</p>
<p>You acknowledge and agree that Keywords Checker shall not be responsible for any Third-Party Services, including their accuracy, completeness, timeliness, validity, copyright compliance, legality, decency, quality or any other aspect thereof. Keywords Checker does not assume and shall not have any liability or responsibility to you or any other person or entity for any Third-Party Services.</p>
<p>Third-Party Services and links thereto are provided solely as a convenience to you and you access and use them entirely at your own risk and subject to such third parties' terms and conditions.</p>

<h1>Term and Termination</h1>
<p>This Agreement shall remain in effect until terminated by you or Keywords Checker.</p>
<p>Keywords Checker may, in its sole discretion, at any time and for any or no reason, suspend or terminate this Agreement with or without prior notice.</p>
<p>This Agreement will terminate immediately, without prior notice from Keywords Checker, in the event that you fail to comply with any provision of this Agreement. You may also terminate this Agreement by deleting the app and all copies thereof from your computer.</p>
<p>Upon termination of this Agreement, you shall cease all use of the app and delete all copies of the app from your computer.</p>
<p>Termination of this Agreement will not limit any of Keywords Checker's rights or remedies at law or in equity in case of breach by you (during the term of this Agreement) of any of your obligations under the present Agreement.</p>

<h1>Copyright Infringement Notice</h1>
<p>If you are a copyright owner or such owner’s agent and believe any material on our app constitutes an infringement on your copyright, please contact us setting forth the following information: (a) a physical or electronic signature of the copyright owner or a person authorized to act on his behalf; (b) identification of the material that is claimed to be infringing; (c) your contact information, including your address, telephone number, and an email; (d) a statement by you that you have a good faith belief that use of the material is not authorized by the copyright owners; and (e) the a statement that the information in the notification is accurate, and, under penalty of perjury you are authorized to act on behalf of the owner.</p>

<h1>Indemnification</h1>
<p>You agree to indemnify and hold Keywords Checker and its parents, subsidiaries, affiliates, officers, employees, agents, partners and licensors (if any) harmless from any claim or demand, including reasonable attorneys' fees, due to or arising out of your: (a) use of the app; (b) violation of this Agreement or any law or regulation; or (c) violation of any right of a third party.</p>

<h1>No Warranties</h1>
<p>The app is provided to you "AS IS" and "AS AVAILABLE" and with all faults and defects without warranty of any kind. To the maximum extent permitted under applicable law, Keywords Checker, on its own behalf and on behalf of its affiliates and its and their respective licensors and service providers, expressly disclaims all warranties, whether express, implied, statutory or otherwise, with respect to the app, including all implied warranties of merchantability, fitness for a particular purpose, title and non-infringement, and warranties that may arise out of course of dealing, course of performance, usage or trade practice. Without limitation to the foregoing, Keywords Checker provides no warranty or undertaking, and makes no representation of any kind that the app will meet your requirements, achieve any intended results, be compatible or work with any other software, , systems or services, operate without interruption, meet any performance or reliability standards or be error free or that any errors or defects can or will be corrected.</p>
<p>Without limiting the foregoing, neither Keywords Checker nor any Keywords Checker's provider makes any representation or warranty of any kind, express or implied: (i) as to the operation or availability of the app, or the information, content, and materials or products included thereon; (ii) that the app will be uninterrupted or error-free; (iii) as to the accuracy, reliability, or currency of any information or content provided through the app; or (iv) that the app, its servers, the content, or e-mails sent from or on behalf of Keywords Checker are free of viruses, scripts, trojan horses, worms, malware, timebombs or other harmful components.</p>
<p>Some jurisdictions do not allow the exclusion of or limitations on implied warranties or the limitations on the applicable statutory rights of a consumer, so some or all of the above exclusions and limitations may not apply to you.</p>

<h1>Limitation of Liability</h1>
<p>Notwithstanding any damages that you might incur, the entire liability of Keywords Checker and any of its suppliers under any provision of this Agreement and your exclusive remedy for all of the foregoing shall be limited to the amount actually paid by you for the app.</p>
<p>To the maximum extent permitted by applicable law, in no event shall Keywords Checker or its suppliers be liable for any special, incidental, indirect, or consequential damages whatsoever (including, but not limited to, damages for loss of profits, for loss of data or other information, for business interruption, for personal injury, for loss of privacy arising out of or in any way related to the use of or inability to use the app, third-party software and/or third-party hardware used with the app, or otherwise in connection with any provision of this Agreement), even if Keywords Checker or any supplier has been advised of the possibility of such damages and even if the remedy fails of its essential purpose.</p>
<p>Some states/jurisdictions do not allow the exclusion or limitation of incidental or consequential damages, so the above limitation or exclusion may not apply to you.</p>

<h1>Severability</h1>
<p>If any provision of this Agreement is held to be unenforceable or invalid, such provision will be changed and interpreted to accomplish the objectives of such provision to the greatest extent possible under applicable law and the remaining provisions will continue in full force and effect.</p>
<p>This Agreement, together with the Privacy Policy and any other legal notices published by Keywords Checker on the Services, shall constitute the entire agreement between you and Keywords Checker concerning the Services. If any provision of this Agreement is deemed invalid by a court of competent jurisdiction, the invalidity of such provision shall not affect the validity of the remaining provisions of this Agreement, which shall remain in full force and effect. No waiver of any term of this Agreement shall be deemed a further or continuing waiver of such term or any other term, and Keywords Checker's failure to assert any right or provision under this Agreement shall not constitute a waiver of such right or provision. YOU AND Keywords Checker AGREE THAT ANY CAUSE OF ACTION ARISING OUT OF OR RELATED TO THE SERVICES MUST COMMENCE WITHIN ONE (1) YEAR AFTER THE CAUSE OF ACTION ACCRUES. OTHERWISE, SUCH CAUSE OF ACTION IS PERMANENTLY BARRED.</p>

<h1>Waiver</h1>
<p>Except as provided herein, the failure to exercise a right or to require performance of an obligation under this Agreement shall not effect a party's ability to exercise such right or require such performance at any time thereafter nor shall be the waiver of a breach constitute waiver of any subsequent breach.</p>
<p>o failure to exercise, and no delay in exercising, on the part of either party, any right or any power under this Agreement shall operate as a waiver of that right or power. Nor shall any single or partial exercise of any right or power under this Agreement preclude further exercise of that or any other right granted herein. In the event of a conflict between this Agreement and any applicable purchase or other terms, the terms of this Agreement shall govern.</p>

<h1>Amendments to this Agreement</h1>
<p>Keywords Checker reserves the right, at its sole discretion, to modify or replace this Agreement at any time. If a revision is material we will provide at least 30 days' notice prior to any new terms taking effect. What constitutes a material change will be determined at our sole discretion.</p>
<p>By continuing to access or use our app after any revisions become effective, you agree to be bound by the revised terms. If you do not agree to the new terms, you are no longer authorized to use Keywords Checker.</p>

<h1>Entire Agreement</h1>
<p>The Agreement constitutes the entire agreement between you and Keywords Checker regarding your use of the app and supersedes all prior and contemporaneous written or oral agreements between you and Keywords Checker.</p>
<p>You may be subject to additional terms and conditions that apply when you use or purchase other Keywords Checker's  services, which Keywords Checker will provide to you at the time of such use or purchase.</p>

<h1>Updates to Our Terms</h1>
<p>We may change our Service and policies, and we may need to make changes to these Terms so that they accurately reflect our Service and policies. Unless otherwise required by law, we will notify you (for example, through our Service) before we make changes to these Terms and give you an opportunity to review them before they go into effect. Then, if you continue to use the Service, you will be bound by the updated Terms. If you do not want to agree to these or any updated Terms, you can delete your account.</p>

<h1>Intellectual Property</h1>
<p>The app and its entire contents, features and functionality (including but not limited to all information, software, text, displays, images, video and audio, and the design, selection and arrangement thereof), are owned by Keywords Checker, its licensors or other providers of such material and are protected by UA and international copyright, trademark, patent, trade secret and other intellectual property or proprietary rights laws. The material may not be copied, modified, reproduced, downloaded or distributed in any way, in whole or in part, without the express prior written permission of Keywords Checker, unless and except as is expressly provided in these Terms & Conditions. Any unauthorized use of the material is prohibited.</p>

<h1>Agreement to Arbitrate</h1>
<p>This section applies to any dispute EXCEPT IT DOESN’T INCLUDE A DISPUTE RELATING TO CLAIMS FOR INJUNCTIVE OR EQUITABLE RELIEF REGARDING THE ENFORCEMENT OR VALIDITY OF YOUR OR Keywords Checker's INTELLECTUAL PROPERTY RIGHTS. The term “dispute” means any dispute, action, or other controversy between you and Keywords Checker concerning the Services or this agreement, whether in contract, warranty, tort, statute, regulation, ordinance, or any other legal or equitable basis. “Dispute” will be given the broadest possible meaning allowable under law.</p>

<h1>Notice of Dispute</h1>
<p>In the event of a dispute, you or Keywords Checker must give the other a Notice of Dispute, which is a written statement that sets forth the name, address, and contact information of the party giving it, the facts giving rise to the dispute, and the relief requested. You must send any Notice of Dispute via email to: <a href="/cdn-cgi/l/email-protection" class="__cf_email__" data-cfemail="9be8eff4ebe8effee9aaacdbfcf6faf2f7b5f8f4f6b5">[email&#160;protected]</a> Keywords Checker will send any Notice of Dispute to you by mail to your address if we have it, or otherwise to your email address. You and Keywords Checker will attempt to resolve any dispute through informal negotiation within sixty (60) days from the date the Notice of Dispute is sent. After sixty (60) days, you or Keywords Checker may commence arbitration.</p>

<h1>Binding Arbitration</h1>
<p>If you and Keywords Checker don’t resolve any dispute by informal negotiation, any other effort to resolve the dispute will be conducted exclusively by binding arbitration as described in this section. You are giving up the right to litigate (or participate in as a party or class member) all disputes in court before a judge or jury. The dispute shall be settled by binding arbitration in accordance with the commercial arbitration rules of the American Arbitration Association. Either party may seek any interim or preliminary injunctive relief from any court of competent jurisdiction, as necessary to protect the party’s rights or property pending the completion of arbitration. Any and all legal, accounting, and other costs, fees, and expenses incurred by the prevailing party shall be borne by the non-prevailing party.</p>

<h1>Submissions and Privacy</h1>
<p>In the event that you submit or post any ideas, creative suggestions, designs, photographs, information, advertisements, data or proposals, including ideas for new or improved products, services, features, technologies or promotions, you expressly agree that such submissions will automatically be treated as non-confidential and non-proprietary and will become the sole property of Keywords Checker without any compensation or credit to you whatsoever. Keywords Checker and its affiliates shall have no obligations with respect to such submissions or posts and may use the ideas contained in such submissions or posts for any purposes in any medium in perpetuity, including, but not limited to, developing, manufacturing, and marketing products and services using such ideas.</p>

<h1>Promotions</h1>
<p>Keywords Checker may, from time to time, include contests, promotions, sweepstakes, or other activities (“Promotions”) that require you to submit material or information concerning yourself. Please note that all Promotions may be governed by separate rules that may contain certain eligibility requirements, such as restrictions as to age and geographic location. You are responsible to read all Promotions rules to determine whether or not you are eligible to participate. If you enter any Promotion, you agree to abide by and to comply with all Promotions Rules.</p>
<p>Additional terms and conditions may apply to purchases of goods or services on or through the Services, which terms and conditions are made a part of this Agreement by this reference.</p>

<h1>Typographical Errors</h1>
<p>In the event a product and/or service is listed at an incorrect price or with incorrect information due to typographical error, we shall have the right to refuse or cancel any orders placed for the product and/or service listed at the incorrect price. We shall have the right to refuse or cancel any such order whether or not the order has been confirmed and your credit card charged. If your credit card has already been charged for the purchase and your order is canceled, we shall immediately issue a credit to your credit card account or other payment account in the amount of the charge.</p>

<h1>Miscellaneous</h1>
<p>If for any reason a court of competent jurisdiction finds any provision or portion of these Terms & Conditions to be unenforceable, the remainder of these Terms & Conditions will continue in full force and effect. Any waiver of any provision of these Terms & Conditions will be effective only if in writing and signed by an authorized representative of Keywords Checker. Keywords Checker will be entitled to injunctive or other equitable relief (without the obligations of posting any bond or surety) in the event of any breach or anticipatory breach by you. Keywords Checker operates and controls the Keywords Checker Service from its offices in UA. The Service is not intended for distribution to or use by any person or entity in any jurisdiction or country where such distribution or use would be contrary to law or regulation. Accordingly, those persons who choose to access the Keywords Checker Service from other locations do so on their own initiative and are solely responsible for compliance with local laws, if and to the extent local laws are applicable. These Terms & Conditions (which include and incorporate the Keywords Checker Privacy Policy) contains the entire understanding, and supersedes all prior understandings, between you and Keywords Checker concerning its subject matter, and cannot be changed or modified by you. The section headings used in this Agreement are for convenience only and will not be given any legal import.</p>

<h1>Disclaimer</h1>
<p>Keywords Checker is not responsible for any content, code or any other imprecision.</p>
<p>Keywords Checker does not provide warranties or guarantees.</p>
<p>In no event shall Keywords Checker be liable for any special, direct, indirect, consequential, or incidental damages or any damages whatsoever, whether in an action of contract, negligence or other tort, arising out of or in connection with the use of the Service or the contents of the Service. The Company reserves the right to make additions, deletions, or modifications to the contents on the Service at any time without prior notice.</p>
<p>The Keywords Checker Service and its contents are provided "as is" and "as available" without any warranty or representations of any kind, whether express or implied. Keywords Checker is a distributor and not a publisher of the content supplied by third parties; as such, Keywords Checker exercises no editorial control over such content and makes no warranty or representation as to the accuracy, reliability or currency of any information, content, service or merchandise provided through or accessible via the Keywords Checker Service. Without limiting the foregoing, Keywords Checker specifically disclaims all warranties and representations in any content transmitted on or in connection with the Keywords Checker Service or on sites that may appear as links on the Keywords Checker Service, or in the products provided as a part of, or otherwise in connection with, the Keywords Checker Service, including without limitation any warranties of merchantability, fitness for a particular purpose or non-infringement of third party rights. No oral advice or written information given by Keywords Checker or any of its affiliates, employees, officers, directors, agents, or the like will create a warranty. Price and availability information is subject to change without notice. Without limiting the foregoing, Keywords Checker does not warrant that the Keywords Checker Service will be uninterrupted, uncorrupted, timely, or error-free.</p>

<h1>Contact Us</h1>
<p>Don't hesitate to contact us if you have any questions.</p>
<ul><li>Via Email:  <a mailto="stopster17@gmail.com">stopster17@gmail.com</a></li></ul>
</body>

============================================================================================================

<h1>Privacy Policy</h1>
<p>Updated at 2022-06-22</p>

<p> Keywords Checker (“we,” “our,” or “us”) is committed to protecting your privacy. This Privacy Policy explains how your personal information is collected, used, and disclosed by Keywords Checker.</p>
<p>This Privacy Policy applies to our website, and its associated subdomains (collectively, our “Service”) alongside our application, Keywords Checker. By accessing or using our Service, you signify that you have read, understood, and agree to our collection, storage, use, and disclosure of your personal information as described in this Privacy Policy and our Terms of Service. This Privacy Policy was created with <a href="https://termify.io" target="_blank">Termify</a>.</p>

<h1>Definitions and key terms</h1>
<p>To help explain things as clearly as possible in this Privacy Policy, every time any of these terms are referenced, are strictly defined as:
 <ul>
   <li>Cookie: small amount of data generated by a website and saved by your web browser. It is used to identify your browser, provide analytics, remember information about you such as your language preference or login information.</li>
   <li>Company: when this policy mentions “Company,” “we,” “us,” or “our,” it refers to Keywords Checker, that is responsible for your information under this Privacy Policy.</li>
   <li>Country: where Keywords Checker or the owners/founders of Keywords Checker are based, in this case is Ukraine</li>
   <li>Customer: refers to the company, organization or person that signs up to use the Keywords Checker Service to manage the relationships with your consumers or service users.</li>
   <li>Device: any internet connected device such as a phone, tablet, computer or any other device that can be used to visit Keywords Checker and use the services.</li>
   <li>IP address: Every device connected to the Internet is assigned a number known as an Internet protocol (IP) address. These numbers are usually assigned in geographic blocks. An IP address can often be used to identify the location from which a device is connecting to the Internet.</li>
   <li>Personnel: refers to those individuals who are employed by Keywords Checker or are under contract to perform a service on behalf of one of the parties.</li>
   <li>Personal Data: any information that directly, indirectly, or in connection with other information — including a personal identification number — allows for the identification or identifiability of a natural person.</li>
   <li>Service: refers to the service provided by Keywords Checker as described in the relative terms (if available) and on this platform.</li>
   <li>Third-party service: refers to advertisers, contest sponsors, promotional and marketing partners, and others who provide our content or whose products or services we think may interest you.</li>
   <li>Website: Keywords Checker's site, which can be accessed via this URL: </li>
   <li>You: a person or entity that is registered with Keywords Checker to use the Services.</li>
 </ul>
</p>
  <h1>Information automatically collected</h1>
  <p>There is some information like your Internet Protocol (IP) address and/or browser and device characteristics — is collected automatically when you visit our platform. This information may be used to connect your computer to the Internet. Other information collected automatically could be a login, e-mail address, password, computer and connection information such as browser plug-in types and versions and time zone setting, operating systems and platforms, purchase history, (we sometimes aggregate with similar information from other Users), the full Uniform Resource Locator (URL) clickstream to, through and from our Website that may include date and time; cookie number; parts of the site you viewed or searched for; and the phone number you used to call our Customer Services. We may also use browser data such as cookies, Flash cookies (also known as Flash Local Shared Objects) or similar data on certain parts of our Website for fraud prevention and other purposes. During your visits, we may use software tools such as JavaScript to measure and collect session information including page response times, download errors, length of visits to certain pages, page interaction information (such as scrolling, clicks, and mouse-overs), and methods used to browse away from the page. We may also collect technical information to help us identify your device for fraud prevention and diagnostic purposes.</p>
  <p>We automatically collect certain information when you visit, use or navigate the platform. This information does not reveal your specific identity (like your name or contact information) but may include device and usage information, such as your IP address, browser and device characteristics, operating system, language preferences, referring URLs, device name, country, location, information about who and when you use our and other technical information. This information is primarily needed to maintain the security and operation of our platform, and for our internal analytics and reporting purposes.</p>
<h1>Sale of Business</h1>
<p>We reserve the right to transfer information to a third party in the event of a sale, merger or other transfer of all or substantially all of the assets of Keywords Checker or any of its Corporate Affiliates (as defined herein), or that portion of Keywords Checker or any of its Corporate Affiliates to which the Service relates, or in the event that we discontinue our business or file a petition or have filed against us a petition in bankruptcy, reorganization or similar proceeding, provided that the third party agrees to adhere to the terms of this Privacy Policy.</p>

<h1>Affiliates</h1>
<p>We may disclose information (including personal information) about you to our Corporate Affiliates. For purposes of this Privacy Policy, "Corporate Affiliate" means any person or entity which directly or indirectly controls, is controlled by or is under common control with Keywords Checker, whether by ownership or otherwise. Any information relating to you that we provide to our Corporate Affiliates will be treated by those Corporate Affiliates in accordance with the terms of this Privacy Policy.</p>

<h1>Governing Law</h1>
<p>This Privacy Policy is governed by the laws of Ukraine without regard to its conflict of laws provision. You consent to the exclusive jurisdiction of the courts in connection with any action or dispute arising between the parties under or in connection with this Privacy Policy except for those individuals who may have rights to make claims under Privacy Shield, or the Swiss-US framework.</p>
<p>The laws of Ukraine, excluding its conflicts of law rules, shall govern this Agreement and your use of the app. Your use of the app may also be subject to other local, state, national, or international laws.</p>
<p>By using Keywords Checker or contacting us directly, you signify your acceptance of this Privacy Policy. If you do not agree to this Privacy Policy, you should not engage with our website, or use our services. Continued use of the website, direct engagement with us, or following the posting of changes to this Privacy Policy that do not significantly affect the use or disclosure of your personal information will mean that you accept those changes.</p>

<h1>Your Consent</h1>
<p>We've updated our Privacy Policy to provide you with complete transparency into what is being set when you visit our site and how it's being used. By using our app, registering an account, or making a purchase, you hereby consent to our Privacy Policy and agree to its terms.
</p>

<h1>Links to Other Websites</h1>
<p>This Privacy Policy applies only to the Services. The Services may contain links to other websites not operated or controlled by Keywords Checker. We are not responsible for the content, accuracy or opinions expressed in such websites, and such websites are not investigated, monitored or checked for accuracy or completeness by us. Please remember that when you use a link to go from the Services to another website, our Privacy Policy is no longer in effect. Your browsing and interaction on any other website, including those that have a link on our platform, is subject to that website’s own rules and policies. Such third parties may use their own cookies or other methods to collect information about you.</p>
<h1>Cookies</h1>
<p>Keywords Checker uses "Cookies" to identify the areas of our website that you have visited. A Cookie is a small piece of data stored on your computer or mobile device by your web browser. We use Cookies to enhance the performance and functionality of our app but are non-essential to their use. However, without these cookies, certain functionality like videos may become unavailable or you would be required to enter your login details every time you visit the app as we would not be able to remember that you had logged in previously. Most web browsers can be set to disable the use of Cookies. However, if you disable Cookies, you may not be able to access functionality on our website correctly or at all. We never place Personally Identifiable Information in Cookies.</p>

<h1>Blocking and disabling cookies and similar technologies</h1>
<p>Wherever you're located you may also set your browser to block cookies and similar technologies, but this action may block our essential cookies and prevent our website from functioning properly, and you may not be able to fully utilize all of its features and services. You should also be aware that you may also lose some saved information (e.g. saved login details, site preferences) if you block cookies on your browser. Different browsers make different controls available to you. Disabling a cookie or category of cookie does not delete the cookie from your browser, you will need to do this yourself from within your browser, you should visit your browser's help menu for more information.</p>
<h1>Kids' Privacy</h1>
<p>We do not address anyone under the age of 13. We do not knowingly collect personally identifiable information from anyone under the age of 13. If You are a parent or guardian and You are aware that Your child has provided Us with Personal Data, please contact Us. If We become aware that We have collected Personal Data from anyone under the age of 13 without verification of parental consent, We take steps to remove that information from Our servers.</p>
<h1>Changes To Our Privacy Policy</h1>
<p>We may change our Service and policies, and we may need to make changes to this Privacy Policy so that they accurately reflect our Service and policies. Unless otherwise required by law, we will notify you (for example, through our Service) before we make changes to this Privacy Policy and give you an opportunity to review them before they go into effect. Then, if you continue to use the Service, you will be bound by the updated Privacy Policy. If you do not want to agree to this or any updated Privacy Policy, you can delete your account.</p>

<h1>Third-Party Services</h1>
<p>We may display, include or make available third-party content (including data, information, applications and other products services) or provide links to third-party websites or services ("Third- Party Services").</p>
<p>You acknowledge and agree that Keywords Checker shall not be responsible for any Third-Party Services, including their accuracy, completeness, timeliness, validity, copyright compliance, legality, decency, quality or any other aspect thereof. Keywords Checker does not assume and shall not have any liability or responsibility to you or any other person or entity for any Third-Party Services.</p>
<p>Third-Party Services and links thereto are provided solely as a convenience to you and you access and use them entirely at your own risk and subject to such third parties' terms and conditions.</p>
<ul>
</ul>
<h1>Information about General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR)</h1>
<p>We may be collecting and using information from you if you are from the European Economic Area (EEA), and in this section of our Privacy Policy we are going to explain exactly how and why is this data collected, and how we maintain this data under protection from being replicated or used in the wrong way.</p>

<h1>What is GDPR?</h1>
<p>GDPR is an EU-wide privacy and data protection law that regulates how EU residents' data is protected by companies and enhances the control the EU residents have, over their personal data.</p>
<p>The GDPR is relevant to any globally operating company and not just the EU-based businesses and EU residents. Our customers’ data is important irrespective of where they are located, which is why we have implemented GDPR controls as our baseline standard for all our operations worldwide.</p>

<h1>What is personal data?</h1>
<p>Any data that relates to an identifiable or identified individual. GDPR covers a broad spectrum of information that could be used on its own, or in combination with other pieces of information, to identify a person. Personal data extends beyond a person’s name or email address. Some examples include financial information, political opinions, genetic data, biometric data, IP addresses, physical address, sexual orientation, and ethnicity.</p>
<p>The Data Protection Principles include requirements such as:</p>
<ul>
<li>Personal data collected must be processed in a fair, legal, and transparent way and should only be used in a way that a person would reasonably expect.</li>
<li>Personal data should only be collected to fulfil a specific purpose and it should only be used for that purpose. Organizations must specify why they need the personal data when they collect it.</li>
<li>Personal data should be held no longer than necessary to fulfil its purpose.</li>
<li>People covered by the GDPR have the right to access their own personal data. They can also request a copy of their data, and that their data be updated, deleted, restricted, or moved to another organization.</li>
</ul>

<h1>Why is GDPR important?</h1>
<p>GDPR adds some new requirements regarding how companies should protect individuals' personal data that they collect and process. It also raises the stakes for compliance by increasing enforcement and imposing greater fines for breach. Beyond these facts it's simply the right thing to do. At Keywords Checker we strongly believe that your data privacy is very important and we already have solid security and privacy practices in place that go beyond the requirements of this new regulation.</p>

<h1>Individual Data Subject's Rights - Data Access, Portability and Deletion</h1>
<p>We are committed to helping our customers meet the data subject rights requirements of GDPR. Keywords Checker processes or stores all personal data in fully vetted, DPA compliant vendors. We do store all conversation and personal data for up to 6 years unless your account is deleted. In which case, we dispose of all data in accordance with our Terms of Service and Privacy Policy, but we will not hold it longer than 60 days.</p>
<p>We are aware that if you are working with EU customers, you need to be able to provide them with the ability to access, update, retrieve and remove personal data. We got you! We've been set up as self service from the start and have always given you access to your data and your customers data. Our customer support team is here for you to answer any questions you might have about working with the API.</p>
<h1>Contact Us</h1>
<p>Don't hesitate to contact us if you have any questions.</p>
<ul><li>Via Email:  <a mailto="stopster17@gmail.com">stopster17@gmail.com</a></li></ul>
</body>
